hey you guys and girls this is my part
two of my blood of Warcraft video i
filmed my other one like I think I was
like two years ago now maybe i don't
know but i still get comments on it and
it is very old and that is when i was
first getting into water warcraft and I
was not very good thought i mentioned in
my last video that i just made which was
a review and update that i have been
playing lately and it's only because my
boyfriend bought me some game times only
for a month and like i was playing it
for all like a really long time and i
got a lot that i like I didn't I wasn't
the best I'm never going to be the best
so i had i think i made about made a few
characters and i have 4 85 now i think
almost five and another one is about 60
and like it's just because I stopped
playing that's why didn't get it to 85
anyway so the reason I made this new one
is to update you people on how I'm going
with that like I guess I get questions
all the time on it and I stopped playing
what was i even playing I don't remember
in that video I think it was my druid
maybe I don't know but I went through a
few different types i went from druid to
pally to the shaman and mage and what
else
death knight just a lot of different
things and I found that my favorite was
the druid the resto druids and like the
healing was just probably my favorite
thing to do they even have a priest yeah
my priest is 85 too and that was a ride
here Levi gave it scary when you start
to do healing and heroics and people
start to tell you off if you'd make one
tiny little mistake so I didn't want to
do that um anyway so we got the new
expansion coming out the mists of
pandaria or pen diary or whatever it's
called yeah I I don't really know what
to say about that I mean I know it's all
in the the Lauren of Warcraft but I
didn't get the I didn't get to play it
while it's before it's released uh
because i didn't buy an annual
subscription or something I was told my
friend about it and he's been playing
that new the version of it and he said
that it's quite all right I mean I saw
his trailer and I was just like this
just seemed to be it little pandas
running around i mean i like the idea of
it the dough I think that they're just
running low on ideas now I'm really keen
to try it out I mean I don't really want
to be a panda though you think I would
but I don't they're just definitely big
and I just feel like people going to
make fun of them my face did with the
the drone I and um piscina they call it
what they call a goat legs or something
I don't know but the thing is like is it
no one's ever gonna love the expansions
because people get a little worried
about change and then they start to get
angry just like with the new talent
point system I've seen that and I'm not
completely happy with it i think i think
it's too simple I mean I used to love
spending time making my own builds and
making it you know exactly what I want
but now it's kind of you know you pick
one thing and you have to wait so many
levels before you pick the next thing I
mean is it it's just the change is a
little too much like you shouldn't
simplify things and you kind of think
when you make something new you want it
to be kind of harder not simpler you
know because you know you're going to
get these these noobs that just come on
the game and I'll just click whatever
one and then and then it's all about the
gameplay and that it should be you know
but just doesn't seem like my cup of tea
I'm not very excited for it to be on
that side I probably won't go out and
get it straight away but you know can
you do I just I've got to try and I'll
give it a go you know we'll see how it
goes so yeah I've been playing lately I
prefer PvP over anything with my hearing
is fun and people don't judge you as
much I still don't do raids even though
my friend wants me to but I think that
it's a waste of time I just don't want
to be one of those nerds but I have to
get on the computer a certain time every
week because I just don't have time to
do that yes that's my little update on
my well part of my life and it's not
that great it's not that much
a part of me anymore anyway I'll see you
guys later